
tabSRMM event notifications (also known as "popups"
---------------------------------------------------

Beginning with 0.9.9.95, tabSRMM has its own event notification system 
built into the plugin. That means, you should deactivate or uninstall
existing event notifications plugins like NewEventNotify. If you want
to continue using an external event notification plugin, you can disable
tabSRMMs own system by doing the following:

* Open Mirandas options dialog, go to Message Sessions -> Event notifications
* Check "Disable ALL event notifications..."

This will disable tabSRMMs own event notifications, and you'll never see popups
or other types of notifications. You can then use an external plugin for
this purpose (like any version of NewEventNotify.dll)

In any way, you should always only have one system running at any given time.
If you decide to use an external event notification plugin, then you should
disable tabSRMMs internal system and vice versa. Having both active, may cause
troubles like double popups and more. If you get double popups, then this is
a strong indication for more than one event notification system being active.

Why use tabSRMMs own event notification system?

Simply, because it works better :) Since it is tightly integrates into the
message dialog, it can do some things which an external plugin cannot. Also,
most external plugins are written with top-level message windows in mind and
therefore don't work very well with tabbed chat windows.

Also, tabSRMMs event notify system is not limited to popups only. It can use 
the following ways to announce incoming messages:

1) popups (need popup.dll installed - I suggest using a recent version of
   popup PLUS or YAPP - the latter being more stable and actively maintained.
   
2) On Screen Display (OSD). You can either use wbOSD or the old OSD plugin 
   - both available on the miranda file listing.
   
3) Balloon (system tray) tooltips. Only available on Windows 2000 or 
   later.
   
Configuration of event notifications is done on the "Message Sessions >
Event Notifications" page. Most options should be familar if you have ever been
using a NewEventNotify plugin.

The "announce method" specifies in which way you want to see the event
notifications (popups, osd or balloon tooltips). The combo box will only
contain entries which are available (the necessary plugin is installed and
detected).


If you have choosen that you want to see notifications, even if a message
window is already open (UNCHECK "Don't announce event when message dialog 
is open"), you can further configure that on a "per container" base. You
can find these options on the containers menu bar (Container->Event 
popups")

The relevant options are:
-------------------------

1) Enable popups if minimized
   The container and all its tabs will show popups if the container has
   been minimized to the taskbar.
   
2) Enable popups if unfocused
   More aggressive popup behaviour. Now, you will always see event popups
   unless the container is in the foreground (active and focused).
   
3) Always enable popups for inactive tabs.
   This is the most aggressive setting. You will always see popups, UNLESS
   the container is focused (in the foreground) and the tab which received
   the event is the active one (selected).
   
The last option will basically show you popups for all your open sessions, 
except for the session which is active (in the foreground).

You can set default values for these under Options->Message containers 
which will apply to containers at creation time. Once a container exists, 
it has its own copy of these settings, so if you need to change them, you 
will have to use the container settings dialog (right click the title- or 
button bar of an open container or use the system menu and choose 
"Container Options".

